11206 intent list (#11408)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/11206.improvement.md

> Update mappings of the same type to present intent as a list instead of other mappings.

Reviewer: Currently the phrasing is a bit unclear, I'd rephrase:
```suggestion
Allow slot mapping parameter `intent` to accept a list of intent names (as strings), in addition to accepting an intent name as a single string.
```
